Forms-PreValueSourceType - Additional example added (#4553)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Developer/Extending/Adding-a-Prevaluesourcetype.md

# Adding a Prevalue Source Type to Umbraco Forms

> *This builds on the "[adding a type to the provider model](Adding-a-Type.md)" chapter*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This builds on the "[Adding a type to the provider model](Adding-a-Type.md)" article*
```

> Add a new class to your project and have it inherit from `Umbraco.Forms.Core.FieldPreValueSourceType`, implement the class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new class to your project - inherit it from `Umbraco.Forms.Core.FieldPreValueSourceType` and implement the class. 
```

    }
}
```

:::note

> The PreValue model was updated in Umbraco Forms Versions: 8.13.0, 9.5.0, & 10.1.0 to include a `.Caption` property which can be set separately from the `.Value` property. In previous versions, the `Value` would generally be used as the caption when rendered on the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PreValue` model in Umbraco Forms Versions 8.13.0, 9.5.0, 10.1.0, and above includes a `.Caption` property which is set separately from the `.Value` property. In the previous versions, the `Value` is generally used as the caption when rendered on the form.
```

:::

### Another Example Using Dependency Injection to Access Additional Services

> This example will take a user-provided Content Node and create a custom Prevalue list from property data on that node. Your own `FieldPreValueSourceType` can get its data from wherever you like - an API call, custom functions, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will take a user-provided Content Node and create a custom Prevalue list from the property data on that node. Your own `FieldPreValueSourceType` can get its data from wherever you like - an API call, custom functions, etc.
```
